We're nearing the end of this course throughout all the course modules you learned about a ton of features
you can add to a web application to turn it into a progressive Web application.
Now if you have a look at your serviceworker file you might realize that it can become really big especially
if you add a lot of Route parsing or request URL parsing to it to handle different URLs with different
caches and strategies.
Now thankfully there is a tool to help you with that in this module.
We'll have a look at workbox a tool by Google which makes managing your service worker easier and
way more automatic.
You'll learn how to use it how to use its more advanced features like routing or request parsing.
And how does can really help you build your progress of web application.
And once we got that finished Why don't we audit our application and let's see what lightless has to
say about it.